hey guys this is lingo marina and today
we're gonna talk about top 10 apps and
resources that it would help you perform
better when you're studying from home
when you're working from home and they
would just enhance your studying and
working experience so if you're
interested continue watching this video
[Music]
resource number one started using it
back in 2015 and using ever since using
it for planning my youtube videos for
working with my team on language trip
working with my team on fluent Express
and just working with my personal
assistants because there are so many
tasks that I don't want to lose and it's
a great tool to collaborate with other
people so for example in my company
linguae trip i have a column that's for
my tasks when I'm ready with my part I
move the tab to the next column
for example Demetri was my co-founder
and this is now his turn to perform
something on this task on this problem
and then it moves further and further in
line and this is how it gets
accomplished another way to use Trello
is to have different columns for
different kinds of social media for
example I have YouTube call where I put
different ideas for the next videos
Instagram column where write down your
questions from DM so I can then answer
those questions with my future posts and
when I'm working with my personal
assistants she sends me tasks and I
marked them either done or pending if I
have more questions do you have any
questions resource number 2 is a great
great planning tool when you have a
meeting or something that happens at a
certain period of time Google Calendar
again started using it in 2015 I started
using a lot of apps when I moved to
Silicon Valley before that I would only
use like word in Excel for planning but
it got more and more interesting when we
moved here because people shared a lot
of their ideas and thoughts how they
optimize Thursday Google Calendar as
easy as that may sound actually improved
my performance a lot for example I'm
planning a meeting with somebody and in
Silicon Valley or in the United States
you can plan a meeting one month ahead
and if you have just a brick and mortar
you know notebook you can just forget
you can lose the notebook with your
phone you schedule that meeting the
first in your meeting gets an email you
have the place and it reminds you the
day before it reminds you thirty minutes
before the meeting so it's impossible to
miss it especially it's really good if
you're scheduling Skype calls between
different time zones like when I'm
scheduling a Skype call with London I'm
gonna put my
San Francisco time in the calendar but
people in London are gonna see their
local time super helpful please install
it right away and start using it I just
realized that I used the 2008 calendar
resource number three YouTube I am NOT
inventing this platform for you guys but
I just wanted to say that they've
recently announced a 20 million dollar
scholarship for educational youtubers
and they give money to those people who
want to create serious like educational
series I find that YouTube is great in
terms of inspiring and motivating to do
something but sometimes it lacks deeper
knowledge and this is why I started my
channel to talk about TOEFL and GMAT
because I saw a lot of videos about the
exams on YouTube but I thought I could
bring more detail so hopefully in the
future YouTube will be more educational
but now please use it to motivate get
some basic information on the subject
from watching YouTube videos the next
resource though is very very deep into
subject because their professional
tutors would create courses and they not
like doing it to get more views to get
viral they just doing that to educate
people the platform is called skill
share really affordable around ten
dollars a month with a premium
membership and a lot of great courses to
recommendations from you guys course
number one about productivity when
you're working from home led by a couple
they share a lot of great tips in my
case I've been working from home since
2011 so almost seven years and I know
how distracting it is when you're like
oh maybe I should play in the kitchen oh
maybe I should cook dinner so you really
need to concentrate this course is
really good
second course yes I mentioned Trello yes
I mentioned Google Calendar but I still
use a notebook to write things down and
effective planning with a notebook is
called bullet journaling and there is a
course on how to create a bullet journal
for yourself that's gonna suit your
needs and help you reach your goals the
link to skill share is below first 500
people who click it get two months for
free for free app number five a lot of
us are using different messengers and
many of them are so distracting like
you're working on the computer and then
your phone rings and you start texting
somebody on
snapchat what's up whatever then you're
like oh maybe I should check my
Instagram and maybe I should check my
Facebook and then you're gone for like
half an hour I started using telegram it
has a desktop version it's free secure
and it's really really good in terms of
desktop I know
whatsapp also has a desktop version but
it has to be connected through your
phone so if your phone is low in battery
gonna give you like warnings telegram
works independently on your computer so
if you don't want to get away from your
computer switch on telegram and start
texting other people this way you won't
be distracted by your phone app number 6
if you're not an English native speaker
or maybe you are but still need to get
some of your text proof read fluent
Express one of my businesses plot
firmware you upload your text and get
instant correction by native speaker
what I use it for I use it every single
day for my Instagram posts because I do
first for it in English second part in
Russian I'm not a native English speaker
and they would always find a couple of
mistakes in my text I also use it for
very important emails when I'm reaching
out to investors I would don't want them
to find any mistakes in my emails this
is not critical but still you know I
want to sound more American so I use it
all the time if you're planning to start
working with foreigners working in
English or starting a blog in English
highly recommend it text me but on the
other hand if you don't have the text
yet and if you need help with actually
coming up with ideas for the text there
is a service called II do birdie and
there you can find professionals that
can help you with any text like if you
are writing a lab report if you're
writing a thesis if you're writing a
business plan or like a speech you can
find a mentor there who can help you
structure your thoughts and come up with
a really good really professional text
yesterday I got a question on Instagram
and somebody asked me Oh marina I'm not
sure I'm gonna do my MBA do you think I
still need to start preparing for GMAT
and my answer was yes please do cuz a
dream ettus does something great to your
brain because you're not allowed to use
calculator at during that exam and your
brain just starts calculating everything
in the head
but the thing is you need to train your
brain it's like you go to gym twice a
week you have to train it like sometimes
we have jobs that are really manual
maybe you're not interested in the
subject your setting and your brain
starts degrading it works slower you'll
learn less information so please please
please exercise your brain there is a
resource called brilliant dork it's like
gym for your brain a lot of maths
physics and a lot of stuff that it helps
you think faster and this is the most
important thing like think faster
memorize things brilliant adorned big
fast number nine I'm like mentioning all
of the resources and I am so so grateful
to they enter an ad that they exist
because when I was a kid when I was at
school when I needed help with my
homework I needed to call it shooter to
come to my home and help me because we
didn't have Skype well we did but the
internet was so slow so now you have an
opportunity to find a tutor online if
you need tutor in anything study pool
calm is a great resource and a way to
make money on study pool if you have a
lot of notes from the University if you
have some admissions essay that you want
to sell you can do it there they have
all kinds of stuff to help you with your
project knowledge is power resource
number ten linguae trip I just wanted to
mention my company you probably all know
that we send people to study abroad and
learn languages there's also an online
part to linguae trip and part of it is
books i personally wrote a book about
how to get admitted to american
universities and if you're going through
this process this book really help you
structure the process like how do i
reach out and ask for financial aid how
do i write a personal statement who
should be my recommenders like all of
those questions I answered and the
second book that I can recommend is
written by my friend mania buck was a
professional English language teacher
originally
from Russia but you can never tell it
from his accent even Americans think
that he was born in America and he
created like him I would say to not a
brochure but it's not like a huge book
it's somewhere in between
it has all the things that you have to
know in order to be proficient in
English like it has all the basics what
he did
he studied maybe like 20 or 30 different
text books and he came up with a plan
that took the best from all of those
text books and put it into the small
thing that you can print out at home a
small book and just have it on your desk
and refer to it when you have questions
that are related to the English language
master English language this was it for
me guys my question to you go to your
phone it has this function that shows
three most recent apps in my case
telegram photos on camera my question to
you is what are those three apps like
when you do that what do you see it's
really great to see what people are
using so comment down below with the top
three apps if you're not yet subscribed
to this channel hit the red button
subscribe if you enjoyed this content
I'm waiting for your likes and I'll see
you in the next video I've released them
every week when I'm not traveling see
you soon bye bye